README.md, before:

# Fuego

`Fuego` is a benchmarking tool for React, with a specific focus on component render time benchmarking. `Fuego` is still in it's early, prototype stage, and right now consists of only a few components. However, these components can be used in many ways, described in the subsections below.

```
npm install react-fuego=git+ssh://git@github.com:apiv/fuego.git
```

## What problem does this solve?

**And why can't I just use `react-addons-perf` instead?**
 
`Fuego` can be though of as an extension of `react-addons-perf`, which provides a UI and controlled 
environment for benchmarking. `react-addons-perf` is a great tool, but every time we used it, we found
ourselves copying and pasting lines of code into random parts of components to `start` and `stop` the
`Perf` recording. Also, when we did record performance in-app, it was difficult to sift through the output
to find the component we were looking for.

`Fuego` provides:
1) A controlled environment for benchmarking. Your component is rendered in complete isolation, so true
rendering performance can be measured per component.
2) A simpler API. Rather than having to manually paste in where to `start` and `stop` `Perf`, `Fuego` takes
care of that for you. All you need to do is provide `children` nodes.
3) A simple, effective UI. Fuego allows you to run your benchmarks at a literal click of a button, displaying
output with a smart reporter.
4) Simple and powerful test suite integration. With `Fuego`, it's finally possible to avoid component bloat by defining tests which
limit how slow a component is allowed to render before failing. For examples, scroll to the `Test` section below.
5) Analytics (WIP). Right now, the UI outputs the same data output by `Perf.printInclusive`. In the future, we
would like to make the `TestResults` rendering table 'smarter', with simple algorithms to help point out where
the problem is in your component (if it's rendering slowly).

### More info

Full documentation on the homepage: http://fuego.solutions

Commit message:

Lol actually wasn't ready for v0.1.0, hope people don't actually read these. Refactored Group and Test results to be better, and updated the docs

README.md, after:

# Fuego

`Fuego` is a benchmarking tool for React, with a specific focus on component render time benchmarking. `Fuego` is still in it's early, prototype stage, and right now consists of only a few components. However, these components can be used in many ways, described in the subsections below.

```
npm install react-fuego=git+ssh://git@github.com:apiv/fuego.git
```

## What problem does this solve?

I'm not trying to reinvent the wheel here, nor take credit for it. I open sourced this repo because I got tired
of copying and pasting `Perf.start` and `Perf.stop` into obscure places in my app to measure performance. I also
got tired of having to dig through the output of `react-addons-perf` to find the data which pertained only to my
component. `Fuego` does all of the hard work for you, so all you need to do is write:

```
<Test>
  {Fuego.renderList(MyComponent, 100, props)
</Test>
```

And then you can do whatever you want with the data via the `onBenchmarkStop` prop.

## What's it got?

`Fuego` provides:
1) A controlled environment for benchmarking. Your component is rendered in complete isolation, so true
rendering performance can be measured per component.
   - You can place this _anywhere_ in your app, as it is self contained. No need to make a special route
     for displaying or benchmarking your component.
2) A simple UI, if you want to use it. Fuego allows you to run your benchmarks at a literal click of a button, displaying
output with a smart reporter.
   - Fuego can be used without the UI, too.
3) Simple and powerful test suite integration. With `Fuego`, it's finally possible to avoid component bloat by defining tests which
limit how slow a component is allowed to render before failing. For examples, scroll to the `Test` section below.

### More info

**Very detailed** documentation and **examples** on the homepage: http://fuego.solutions
